Updated writeup for OSB quickstart section (#5177)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _benchmark/quickstart.md

- A currently active OpenSearch cluster. For instructions on how to create an OpenSearch cluster, see [Creating a cluster]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}//tuning-your-cluster/index/).
- Git 2.3 or greater.
- Python 3.8 or later

## Set up an OpenSearch cluster

> If you don't already have an active OpenSearch cluster, you can launch a new cluster to being using OpenSearch Benchmark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't already have an active OpenSearch cluster, you can launch a new OpenSearch cluster to use with OpenSerch Benchmark.
```

> If you don't already have an acitive OpenSearch cluster, you can launch a new cluster to being using OpenSearch Benchmark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't already have an active OpenSearch cluster, you can launch a new cluster to being using OpenSearch Benchmark.
```

> If you don't already have an acitive OpenSearch cluster, you can launch a new cluster to being using OpenSearch Benchmark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't already have an active OpenSearch cluster, you can launch a new OpenSearch cluster to use with OpenSerch Benchmark.
```

> - Using **Docker Compose**. For instuctions on how to use Docker Compose, see [OpenSearch Quickstart]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/quickstart/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using **Docker Compose**. For instructions on how to use Docker Compose, see [OpenSearch Quickstart]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/quickstart/).
```

> - Using **Tar**. For instructions on how to install OpenSearch with Tar, see [Installtion OpenSearch > Tarball]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-opensearch/tar/#step-1-download-and-unpack-opensearch/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using **Tar**. For instructions on how to install OpenSearch with Tar, see [Installing OpenSearch > Tarball]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-opensearch/tar/#step-1-download-and-unpack-opensearch/).
```

OpenSearch Benchmark has not been tested with the Window's distribution of OpenSearch.
{: .note}

> After instllation, you can verify OpenSearch is running by going to `localhost:9200`. If you're running your cluster with the security plugin enabled, OpenSearch will expect SSL connections with the username "admin" and password "admin".  However, since the localhost address is not a unique public address, no certificate authority will issue an SSL certificate for it, so certificate checking will need to be disabled using the `-k` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After instillation, you can verify OpenSearch is running by going to `localhost:9200`. If you're running your cluster with the security plugin enabled, OpenSearch will expect SSL connections with the username "admin" and password "admin".  However, since the localhost address is not a unique public address, no certificate authority will issue an SSL certificate for it, so certificate checking will need to be disabled using the `-k` option.
```

> After instillation, you can verify OpenSearch is running by going to `localhost:9200`. If you're running your cluster with the Security plugin enabled, OpenSearch will expect SSL connections with the username "admin" and password "admin".  However, since the localhost address is not a unique public address, no certificate authority will issue an SSL certificate for it, so certificate checking will need to be disabled using the `-k` option.

Reviewer 2: `instillation` -> `installation`

> After instillation, you can verify OpenSearch is running by going to `localhost:9200`. If you're running your cluster with the Security plugin enabled, OpenSearch will expect SSL connections with the username "admin" and password "admin".  However, since the localhost address is not a unique public address, no certificate authority will issue an SSL certificate for it, so certificate checking will need to be disabled using the `-k` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installation, you can verify OpenSearch is running by going to `localhost:9200`. If you're running your cluster with the Security plugin enabled, OpenSearch will expect SSL connections with the username "admin" and password "admin".  However, since the localhost address is not a unique public address, no certificate authority will issue an SSL certificate for it, so certificate checking will need to be disabled using the `-k` option.
```

## Set up an OpenSearch cluster

> If you don't already have an acitive OpenSearch cluster, you can launch a new cluster to being using OpenSearch Benchmark.

Reviewer 2: `you can launch a new cluster to being using OpenSearch Benchmark` -> `you can launch a new cluster to be used by OpenSearch Benchmark`

Find out more about Benchmark at https://opensearch.org/docs
```

## Running your first benchmark

> You can now run your first benchmark.  We will use the [percolator](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/percolator) workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now run your first benchmark. The following benchmark uses the [percolator](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/percolator) workload.
```

|                                  100th percentile service time | percolator_no_score_with_content_ignore_me |      11.316 |     ms |
|                                                     error rate | percolator_no_score_with_content_ignore_me |           0 |      % |

--------------------------------
[INFO] SUCCESS (took 18 seconds)
--------------------------------
```

Each task run by the `percolator` workload represents a specific OpenSearch API operation---such as Bulk or Search---that was performed when the test was run. Each task in the output summary contains the following information: 

* **Throughput:** The number of successful OpenSearch operations per second. 
* **Latency:** The amount of time, including wait time, taken for the request and the response to be sent and received by Benchmark.
* **Service Time:** The amount of time, excluding wait time, taken for the request and the response to be sent and received by Benchmark.
* **Error Rate:** The percentage of operations run during the task that were not successful or returned a 200 error code.

## Running OpenSearch Benchmark on your own cluster

> Now that you're familar with running OpenSearch Benchmark on a cluster, you can run OpenSearch Benchmark on your own cluster, using the same `execute-test` command, replacing the following settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you're familiar with running OpenSearch Benchmark on a cluster, you can run OpenSearch Benchmark on your own cluster, using the same `execute-test` command, replacing the following settings.
```

 
  * Replace `https://localhost:9200` with your target cluster endpoint.  This could be a URI like `https://search.mydomain.com` or a `HOST:PORT` specification.
  * If the cluster is configured with basic authentication, replace the username and password in the command line with the appropriate credentials.

>   * Remove the `verify_certs:false` directive if you are not specifying `localhost` as your target cluster.  This directive is needed only for clusters where SSL certificates are not set up, such as the test cluster above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Remove the `verify_certs:false` directive if you are not specifying `localhost` as your target cluster.  This directive is needed only for clusters where SSL certificates are not set up.
```
